README.md, before:

# PizzaStorage #

## What is the problem to solve? ##
I want to solve an issue at my family's pizza restaurant, where taking inventory requires us to take time out of our day to go up to the restaurant to physically check stock.

## Why is this problem important to solve? ##
We all have very little time in the day to go and check on inventory, and this also leads to situations where our employees will not report that we need certain items. This creates unnecessary complexity in our lives.

## How do I solve this problem? ##
By creating a scalable inventory system that can be remotely accessed from my home and running the app on a tablet at the restaurant, this would create a more accurate reading of inventory and limit the need to always be at the pizza restaurant.

## Tech Stack ##
- UV
- Flask
- SQLite
- HTML/CSS for the UI/UX (Possibly using Hugo)

## Sprint 1 ##
Week 1 ( 9/15 - 9/21 )
Goals: Creating rough UI and adding functions of add, update, and remove items.
- Feature #1: Making the logic to add, update, and remove items
  - Requirement #2: 
  - Plan:  Secure a rough working version that has a UI and allows users to add inventory items.

Commit message:

Added marp slides for readme file

README.md, after:

---
marp: true

---

# PizzaStorage #

***
## What is the problem to solve? ##
I want to solve an issue at my family's pizza restaurant, where taking inventory requires us to take time out of our day to go up to the restaurant to physically check stock.

***

## Why is this problem important to solve? ##
We all have very little time in the day to go and check on inventory, and this also leads to situations where our employees will not report that we need certain items. This creates unnecessary complexity in our lives.

***

## How do I solve this problem? ##
By creating a scalable inventory system that can be remotely accessed from my home and running the app on a tablet at the restaurant, this would create a more accurate reading of inventory and limit the need to always be at the pizza restaurant.

***

## Tech Stack ##
- Python
- UV
- Flask Framework
- SQLite
- HTML/CSS for the UI/UX (Possibly using Hugo)
  
## Features ##
- Add, remove, delete items
- Low inventory alerts
- SQLite database to store items in an organized manner
- Themed UI to match the pizza place.

***

## Sprint 1 ##
Week 1 ( 9/15 - 9/21 )
Goals: Creating rough UI and adding functions of add, update, and remove items.
- Feature #1: Making the logic to add, update, and remove items
  - Requirement #2: 
  - Plan:  Secure a rough working version that has a UI and allows users to add inventory items.
